So when, when dealing with individuals who might be what we would call
out of the fight because of sickness and and if you're a leader or
coworker there, there are many different options. I mean, everybody
in their life goes through some scenarios where they may not be an optimal
health or maybe in a tough situation, even if it's not them.
And so to understand that and Thio maybe educate those around you and
so to take care of the individual, making sure that they're getting
what's needed. Because the reality is if we rush people back too soon
and they're not ready to come back, they're just gonna they're gonna
get back out of the fight. But if we could get up and round and
and ready to go and and purely taking care of everything that they
need to, they're gonna be another asset to the team. And then when they
come back, maybe there's opportunities to give all those individuals
who had to step up and maybe take some extra workload. Maybe they
get a little bit of time off and an opportunity to kind of regroup
themselves